website: LearningCenter Meta (#15929)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/developer-docs/docs/templates/index.md

- [**Reference**](./reference.md): this is typically tables or lists of reference information, such as configuration values, or functions, or most commmonly APIs.

> - [**Tutorial**](./tutorial-template.mdx): these are comprehensive, step-by-step guides that walk users through completing specific tasks from start to finish. Tutorials are more detailed than procedural docs and focus on learning by doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Tutorial**](./tutorial-template.mdx): these are comprehensive, step-by-step guides that walk users through completing specific tasks from start to finish. Tutorials are structured around a specific task and goal, are less generic than procedural docs, and focus on learning by doing.
```
